General Issues:
-------
Much smoother transitions between combat and dialogue.
[Copied from other to-do list to be organized at a later date.]
//TODO Add strong tags to items that can be taken. Work on clarity.
//TODO convert usefireball and useweapon into single function
//TODO Impliment ice shard and mana potions
//TODO if visted room before, different text & find way to change room entrance if player has spoken to actor
//TODO streamline navigation
//TODO FEATURE Idea: read books
------

Room 2:
-------
Old note in room 2 not being pushed to look list. Player is still able to read the note, but would have no idea how to.
Upon entering room 2 an "undefined" message is displayed.
What's up with light not throwing so far in this room? Figure it out and make the room more engaging.
-------

Room 5[Grand Hall]:
Int description doesn't drive home very well just how many birds be slammin that door.

Room 6[Ornate Chambers]:
------
Frantic Cultist needs a 'look' description.
Frantic Cultist should have another dialogue when spoken to after finding vial.
looking at small antechamber does not change after ghoul defeated.
Frantic Cultists dialogue ends prematurely.
Hide key to Shardkeeper somewhere in the room. The Frantic Cultist should mention something about the withered being a former friend.
------

Combat:
------
Combat need an overhaul.
  1. Boring
  2. Action is unclear.
Enemy health likes to perch itself in the title to get a better view of the action.
If player is dealt negative damage because of armor, the damage should be changed to 0. Or 1. Or 2. Haven't decided.
-------

Stat overhaul
------
Enemies should give XP whenever defeated. [Enemies now give XP to the player object.]
XP gain should be reflected in the sidebar.
XP needed to level should be listed in the code.
A level up should be announced and the player should be given a certain number of points to spend for leveling up stats.
These points should be distributed in a menu on the side of the screen.
The menu should only be visible while the player is distributing his or her points.
The stats the player selects should have real impacts on the players playstyle.
Heavier armor should reduce agility.
Certain armor/weapons should boost certain stats. These stats should feel meaningful during combat.
Each stat should have a check that does not influence combat i.e. being able to roll a barrel down stairs to kill enemies and avoid combat all together. [a better example could be found.]
------

General Browser woes:
------
Firefox: Title is broken. [The character encoding of the HTML document was not declared. The document will render with garbled text in some browser configurations if the document contains characters from outside the US-ASCII range. The character encoding of the page must be declared in the document or in the transfer protocol.]
------

Ideas:
------
Text should have a border so some kind to more easily differentiante different descriptions.
Text spoken to the player should have another text color.
Look description should have another color for doors not yet entered. [May be difficult to implement.]
A list of available commands appears on the right side of the screen. [Could be very difficult to implement.]
A list of the players inventory on the left side of the screen. [Could be easy to implement.]
------

Pipe Dreams:
-----
Readable books full of short stories i.e. flesh out the lore to a much greater extent.
-----

Fixed:

  Speak not working [requires web server otherwise pulling the dialogue file will be an invalid CORS request]
  It is possible to receive an item twice.[Just used if statements. It was only ever a problem because I'm a problem.]
